update readme to match the newest version (#27)
cortze/ipfs-cid-hoarder: README.md

The theory looks solid, the K=20 value was initially chosen to increase the resilience of the network to node churn. At the moment, the overall network seems to be working fine, although there are some concerns about the impact of Hydra nodes and the churn rate.

> The fact that k=20 peers keep the records, means that as soon as one of them is actively keeping the PR, the content should be retrievable. However, if after 4 hours of publishing the PRs, only one of the 20 peers keeps the records, one could conclude that the network is exposed to a very high node churn rate, and therefore, the K value wonΓÇÖt longer be the appropriate one for the node churn and network size at that specific moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fact that k=20 peers keep the records, means that as soon as one of them is actively keeping the PR, the content should be retrievable. However, if after 4 hours of publishing the PRs, only one of the 20 peers keeps the records, one could conclude that the network is exposed to a very high node churn rate, and therefore, the K value won’t longer be the appropriate one for the node churn and network size at that specific moment.
```

For example, if we want to generate 1000 CIDs with a worker number of 200 CIDs, the tool will spawn 200 workers to publish the CIDs concurrently.

> _NOTE: The Provider Records WONΓÇÖT be republished after 12 hours. The goal of the study is to track the theoretical record lifetime for a range of CIDs across the hash space._ TODO Maybe change this to 22H as of late versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: The Provider Records WON'T be republished after 22 hours. The goal of the study is to track the theoretical record lifetime for a range of CIDs across the hash space._ 
```

## Pinger

Once each CID has been generated and published to the network or read from a file, The tool proceeds to persist to the DB the recorded information and sends the CID information to the CID Ping-Orchester routine.

> The CID Ping-Orchester has a list of CIDs ordered by the next connection time. It uses this next connection time to determine whether the CID needs to be pinged again or not. If the CIDΓÇÖs next connections proves that the track frequency has passed since the last ping, it will add the CID info into a `Ping Queue` for the ping worker.

Reviewer: Can we leave the `'` character as it was?
```suggestion
The CID Ping-Orchester has a list of CIDs ordered by the next connection time. It uses this next connection time to determine whether the CID needs to be pinged again or not. If the CID’s next connection proves that the tracking frequency has passed since the last ping, it will add the CID info into a `Ping Queue` for the ping worker.
```
